Error: All branches of function `test1` must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:3:18
 3 | fun test1(): Int {}
   |                   ^

Error: All branches of function `test2` must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:7:0
 7 | }
   | ^

Error: All branches of function `test3` must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:12:2
 12 |   }
    |   ^

Error: All branches of function `test4` must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:18:2
 18 |   }
    |   ^

Error: All branches of function `test5` must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:26:2
 26 |   }
    |   ^

Error: All branches of function `test6` must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:32:2
 32 |   } else {
    |   ^

Error: All branches of function `test7` must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:39:0
 39 | }
    | ^

Error: All branches of function `test8` must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:43:0
 43 | }
    | ^

Error: All branches of function `bar` must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:46:18
 46 |   fun bar(): Int {}
    |                   ^

Error: All branches of function `baz` must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:52:20
 52 |     fun baz(): Int {}
    |                     ^

Error: All branches of function `testWhile1` must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:60:0
 60 | }
    | ^

Error: All branches of function `testWhile2` must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:66:0
 66 | }
    | ^

Error: All branches of function `testFor1` must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:70:0
 70 | }
    | ^

Error: All branches of function `testFor2` must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:76:0
 76 | }
    | ^

Error: All branches of function `testMatchSingleCase` must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:81:12
 81 |     | _ -> ()
    |             ^

Error: All branches of function `testMatchMultipleCases` must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:89:12
 89 |     | _ -> ()
    |             ^

Error: All branches of function `testMatchNested` must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:100:14
 100 |       | _ -> ()
     |               ^

Error: All branches of function `testShadowedUnitReturn` must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:107:36
 107 | fun testShadowedUnitReturn(): Unit {}
     |                                     ^

Error: All branches of anonymous function must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:110:14
 110 |   fn (): Int {};
     |               ^

Error: All branches of anonymous function must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:115:4
 115 |     }
     |     ^

Error: All branches of anonymous function must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:121:14
 121 |       | _ -> ()
     |               ^

Error: All branches of anonymous function must end in a return statement
test/analyze/exhaustive_return/inexhaustive.myte:126:15
 126 |   fn (): Unit {};
     |                ^